hello everybody it's worse the ex it is
finally found for a new video
so this video I hope it will you
to please you but first of all I want to
to thank you because I have reached
the ten thousand subscribers so a little in
small number of 10 of five digits
rather it's already not bad
ten thousand subscribers so all the pilat
schedules of the 10,000 subscribers that makes
extremely pleasure especially 1
million more views it was not bad
frankly all that at the same time so
I was pretty impressed when I
saw that the 5 figures is beautiful it's
very beautiful I hope we will continue
a long time with you you're super of
blow for you thank you I 'm organizing a
contest in competition what a competition
where you will be able to win
just one thing so I do not happen one
among you who will be the lucky winner
but who can win an itunes card
of 10 euros so I do it with the
means the edge of the shot I have not too much
not too many ways but hey I want
to please you on this day of the coup
you have and how to participate
first of all you have to be subscribed to
chain is to thank you so
that's why
then put m put a little lay
who and put in the comment
in comment anything in the
comment in the comments of
this video simply yes I
confuse me a bit so you have
until we see it until August 17
Sunday, August 17, so the evening at 23:59
finally you February so I'll you
still leave all weekend I
you leave a lot of time since I
go on vacation in between meanwhile I
would not be there at all so I
could not organize two draws
evenings like that it gives you time
of
to participate and all finally that's all
simple it takes you 30 seconds
but now I hope this video
you will be pleased this little contest you
will please because many
of you asked me for it
I wanted to please everyone
world
and suddenly I organize this contest
we'll meet again soon for the faq karim
of course in the week of the draw and
So here we go by step isl ex